JSON Serialization docs (#14208)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/index.md

  
.NET features the following serialization technologies:  
  
- [Binary serialization](binary-serialization.md) preserves type fidelity, which is useful for preserving the state of an object between different invocations of an application. For example, you can share an object between different applications by serializing it to the Clipboard. You can serialize an object to a stream, to a disk, to memory, over the network, and so forth. Remoting uses serialization to pass objects "by value" from one computer or application domain to another.  
  
- [XML and SOAP serialization](xml-and-soap-serialization.md) serializes only public properties and fields and does not preserve type fidelity. This is useful when you want to provide or consume data without restricting the application that uses the data. Because XML is an open standard, it is an attractive choice for sharing data across the Web. SOAP is likewise an open standard, which makes it an attractive choice.  
  

> - [JSON serialization](xml-and-soap-serialization.md) serializes only public properties and does not preserve type fidelity. JSON is an open standard that is an attractive choice for sharing data across the Web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [JSON serialization](json-serialization-overview.md) serializes only public properties and does not preserve type fidelity. JSON is an open standard that is an attractive choice for sharing data across the Web.
```
